README.md, before:

Tom says Hello!

Annabel says Hi!

Nene says Hawaiyu ^^

Rory says hi!

<!-- TEAM REFLECTION  -->

# PROJECT DETAILS

Project name: PantryPal
Render link: https://pantrypal-5zd7.onrender.com (client) & https://pantrypal-server-yyp8.onrender.com (server)
Repo link: https://github.com/oldboy87/week-05-assignment

Team members: Rory, Annabel, Tom, Nene

## PROJECT DESCRIPTION

PantryPal helps food businesses and community organisations easily track and manage their food stock. It simplifies stock management for staff and volunteers while reducing food waste and stock losses.

## PROBLEM DOMAIN

Offer our client an organised way to keep track of their food stock.
Our target audience are food businesses, like a pantry, café, foodbank, restaurant, etc.

## USER STORIES

Required:
As a user, I want to have an overview of my available stock
As a user, I want to be able to sort and filter by use by date
As a user, I want to be able to sort and filter by categories
As a user, I want to be able to add and remove stock
As a user, I want the app to be accessible and responsive on mobile phone

Optional:
As a user, I want to be able to filter by allergens (14 common food allergens)
As a user, I want to be able to scan stock in by barcode
As a user, I want to have a visual representation (image) of the stock
As a user, I want to manage incoming and outgoing stock
As a user, I want to be notified of low stock levels ( using RAG system)

## WIREFRAME

A list of any libraries, frameworks, or packages that your application requires in order to properly function:
Express.js, pg, cors...

## Instructions on how to run your app:

Navigate to the client link, use searchbar to find relevant item.

## Lighthouse report:

Please see 'Lighthous report.jpg'

## Reflections:

Please mention the requirements you met and which goals you achieved for this assignment.

Were there any requirements or goals that you were not quite able to achieve?

If so, could you please tell us what was it that you found difficult about these tasks?

What went really well and what could have gone better?
Detailing useful external sources that helped you complete the assignment (e.g Youtube tutorials).
Describing errors or bugs you encountered while completing your assignment.

<!-- RORY -->

<!-- ANNABEL -->

<!-- TOM -->

<!-- NENE -->

## REFERENCES

All assets used in this project were created by Rory. We used no external APIs or packages beyond cors/express/vite/pg/dotenv

Commit message:

Update README with group project insights
Added reflections on group project collaboration and learning experiences.

README.md, after:

Tom says Hello!

Annabel says Hi!

Nene says Hawaiyu ^^

Rory says hi!

<!-- TEAM REFLECTION  -->

# PROJECT DETAILS

Project name: PantryPal
Render link: https://pantrypal-5zd7.onrender.com (client) & https://pantrypal-server-yyp8.onrender.com (server)
Repo link: https://github.com/oldboy87/week-05-assignment

Team members: Rory, Annabel, Tom, Nene

## PROJECT DESCRIPTION

PantryPal helps food businesses and community organisations easily track and manage their food stock. It simplifies stock management for staff and volunteers while reducing food waste and stock losses.

## PROBLEM DOMAIN

Offer our client an organised way to keep track of their food stock.
Our target audience are food businesses, like a pantry, café, foodbank, restaurant, etc.

## USER STORIES

Required:
As a user, I want to have an overview of my available stock
As a user, I want to be able to sort and filter by use by date
As a user, I want to be able to sort and filter by categories
As a user, I want to be able to add and remove stock
As a user, I want the app to be accessible and responsive on mobile phone

Optional:
As a user, I want to be able to filter by allergens (14 common food allergens)
As a user, I want to be able to scan stock in by barcode
As a user, I want to have a visual representation (image) of the stock
As a user, I want to manage incoming and outgoing stock
As a user, I want to be notified of low stock levels ( using RAG system)

## WIREFRAME

A list of any libraries, frameworks, or packages that your application requires in order to properly function:
Express.js, pg, cors...

## Instructions on how to run your app:

Navigate to the client link, use searchbar to find relevant item.

## Lighthouse report:

Please see 'Lighthous report.jpg'

## Reflections:

Please mention the requirements you met and which goals you achieved for this assignment.

Were there any requirements or goals that you were not quite able to achieve?

If so, could you please tell us what was it that you found difficult about these tasks?

What went really well and what could have gone better?
Detailing useful external sources that helped you complete the assignment (e.g Youtube tutorials).
Describing errors or bugs you encountered while completing your assignment.

<!-- RORY -->

ANNABEL
Working in a group on a project was a novelty in the medium; we all have our own different way of doing things and understanding, these are essentially brand new concepts for most of us afterall. Personally I had concerns in overstepping when it came to working on other people's code, as I feared that it could ruin something that they did but the task that I needed to do was entirely necessary for the completion of my own work. So working in a way that clicks our code together and managaing the different ways we each work was something that we took a little while getting used to. I think that sometimes we would have benefitted from implementing some more structure but we knew what we were doing most of the time and we knew our individual task targets.

We realised at the end that this is all part of the same learning process that we have found ourselves on. There is so much that my team knew that I didn't know, how to find new ways of constructing features and how to find some other guides, which was really helpful for my own growth and learning.

There are some goals that we didn't meet exactly how the user story proposes, but it is possible that some of our user stories were more complex than we needed and we also lost a little bit of focus at times, which is something that I would like to make sure is considered for the next group project.

<!-- TOM -->

<!-- NENE -->

## REFERENCES

All assets used in this project were created by Rory. We used no external APIs or packages beyond cors/express/vite/pg/dotenv
